Machine Learning /MLOps Engineer
Gears Of Leo AB
Data scientist
Kommun: Stockholm
Kort arbetsbeskrivning
Omfattning: Heltid
Varaktighet: Tillsvidare
Anställningsform: Tillsvidare- eller tidsbegränsad anställning
Sök jobbet
Sista ansökningsdag: 30 augusti (om 143 dagar)
Om jobbet
ABOUT THE ROLE

 

The Machine Learning Engineer will join a newly formed team focused on MLOps and ML Engineering within the data science team. This role is crucial for uplifting the existing ML infrastructure into a robust, scalable, and production-ready system, specifically supporting the increasing needs of the company. The engineer will design, build, and maintain the infrastructure, tools, and processes required for continuous integration, continuous delivery, and continuous training (CI/CD/CT) of machine learning models. This is a highly technical role that will interface with data scientists, data engineers, data architects and software engineers to ensure the reliability and performance of ML systems at scale.

 

YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR:

●      Designing, implementing, and maintaining scalable MLOps pipelines for model training, testing, deployment, and monitoring.

●      Building and managing the cloud infrastructure to host and serve real-time and batch machine learning models.

●      Establishing robust model monitoring (drift, performance, data quality) and alerting systems to ensure operational health of ML services.

●      Assisting and collaborating with Data Scientists to ensure production readiness of models, focusing on code optimization for low latency and performance.

●      Developing high-quality, reusable MLOps tooling and best practices to drive efficiency across the entire ML lifecycle.

●      Driving automation initiatives to minimize manual intervention in model deployment and management.

●      Troubleshooting production issues, performing root cause analysis, and implementing preventative measures for ML systems.

OUR SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING:

 

Essentials

●      Mid-senior level experience in a Machine Learning Engineer, MLOps Engineer, or similar role.

●    Strong proficiency in Python for data and ML workflows and infrastructure automation tools (e.g. Terraform) for scalable infrastructure provisioning.

●      Extensive experience with cloud platforms ( we work with GCP) for building and deploying ML systems.

●    Deep understanding of containerization technologies and CI/CD pipelines.

●      Solid experience with ML experiment tracking, model registry, and feature store platforms.

●      Experience working with high volume, complex data architectures and real-time processing.

●      Experience with SQL for data access and pipeline integration.

●      A strong foundation in computer science fundamentals, software engineering best practices, and system design.

Most importantly, we are looking for a continuous learning mindset and passion for researching and adopting the necessary technologies to solve complex MLOps and ML Engineering challenges.

Nice To Have

 

●      Experience working with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services, particularly Vertex AI for training, deployment, and monitoring of ML models.

●      Familiarity with building and deploying LLMs in production environments at scale.

 

WHO WE ARE

 

At the core of LeoVegas Group is Team Leo. Our culture is our foundation and is what enables us to innovate, build, and lead as we trailblaze our way through the igaming industry. We’re a team of over 2000 innovators, initiators, and groundbreakers working in a fast-paced and agile environment across 19 offices worldwide.

 

BENEFITS

●        Hybrid work policy

●        4 weeks of Workation (T&C apply)

●        30 annual vacation days

●        Occupational Pension

●        5,000 SEK wellness contribution annually

●        Parental Leave Top-Up

●        Possibility to enrol in a private health care insurance for both you and your partner

●        1,500 SEK equipment allowance

●        Benify - benefits portal with many offers and discounts

In our pride, we empower our teammates to find their roar and run with their wildest ideas. We don’t wait for things to happen; we pounce and make it happen!

 

Would you be a good fit for the Leo Pride - give us a roar!

 

**As our company working language is English, we’d like to see your CV in English, please**

Läs mindre
Kvalifikationer
Arbetslivserfarenhet
Meriterande
Data scientist -  
2-4 års erfarenhet
Övrig information
Lön
Lönetyp: Fast månads- vecko- eller timlön
Var ligger arbetsplatsen?
Luntmakargatan 18
11137 Stockholm
Arbetsgivare
Gears of Leo AB